# Wilders

This project has been developped live during a quick introduction to Angular at the Wild Code School of Toulouse (France). I uploaded it here so the students could have access to the sources as a reference once the class was done.

The supporting slides can be found here : https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lnkILPq1GLsJER5uWOnv1oKJUpSlD8moI8wb7e7rnT0/edit?usp=sharing

**A few important points for the wilders :**
- I changed my app's prefix, which is the one you are supposed to use in your components selector ("app-blog"), from "app" to "wilders". To make sure I apply this rule, I edited my tslint.json file so that VSCode raises a warning if I don't use it in my components. I also changed it in my angular.json file so that the components created using the Angular CLI are automatically generated with this prefix.
- I made a few CSS after the course ended so that the application is a little bit better looking. It's all in the styles.css file, at the root of your application.
- I created a "model" folder, containing my "Article" class so that I can export it in all the components and services that deal with an Article or a list of Articles. This is how you can leverage TypeScript to your advantage. Creating and exporting models of the data you handle, using Class, Types or Enums is a great way to force yourself to type your code, and ensure that the type checking actually helps you.
- If you have any questions about this, or anything else technical (or if you just wanna grab a beer), I'm always available on the wilder's Slack, my handle is @Kerunix, and my profile picture is a handsome man with a hat (yep, that's me).
- Feel free to fork this repository and tweak it around. You could for example use a real API like https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/ to retrieve your articles, or add a whole new article section by yourself, or a home page, to see if you can remember the basics, enjoy !

**A few helpful ressources about angular :**
- https://angular.io/tutorial The official Angular tutorial, do it, and click on the links that sometimes pop in, just read the docs, really helpful.
- https://angular.io/cli The Angular CLI documentation, with a lot of helpful commands to help you manage your Angular project
- https://material.angular.io/ The Material Design component library for Angular, really powerful.



**The Readme bellow is the standard one, generated by the Angular CLI**

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.24.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
